All right.
In the last section, we have completed the results section.
In this section, we're going to start with the pagination part.
If you look at the final version of the project.
You can see that if I assume this one.
You can see that we have an icon here.
The this icon is coming from the hero icons.
It's the name is.
This one is chipper on left icon, this is Chevron right icon.
So let's go to our visual studio code.
And keep the website and the right side open and the things we do here inside the search.
Search results, duchess.
Just here, we add another component and the colored page and nation buttons.
And we're going to create this here and their components folder, so we create a new component and we
call it page and nation.
But turns that J.S..
And we create a react functional component.
And we just got to search the research, results, touches, and we import this component using control
of space.
So we should see something at the bottom same page in nations.
But ends.
Let.
Putting this fund benefits after.
OK, here.
So inside the pagination buttons to import the two icons.
Using imports, the first icon is Chevron.
Left icon.
This one.
We can see from the auto suggestion.
And it's already important some who are calling for a slash react or slash solid.
And the next one is Champaran.
Right icon.
All right, now, we have two icons inside the return.
We need to have two parts.
So one for the left, one for the right.
So but in order to go to the another link inside our own website, we can use something called Link.
And link tag from next link.
So we're going to use this one here as well, so we're going to import Link from Nick's.
Forward slash link.
So here we have the first link.
And inside this first link, so we can just, uh, uh, close this tank and inside this tag.
Just weekend, we are getting an error saying that the link inside the the Etch Ref is mandatory, so
we should have an aircraft.
So inside to the opening tag, we create aircraft.
So this is just the let's make first for the next one.
So it makes more sense.
So we just say the shrimp is going to be for a search and we need to get the turn and the search time.
And also, we're going to add another index called a start.
So first, we need to import router use router to to get the terms from the Earth.
So we import use.
Round two from next forward slash round to.
We create a constant called rather here.
And the term here.
Would be equal to.
That router, that query.
Short term.
Next, we will need to get the search time.
So we arrived here search time, and the search stop is going to be equal to.
Router that curry.
That's search time.
And finally, we need to get in.
We need to at the start.
So.
In the pagination, just we need to create a consent first because we want to start to get the creative
consent and we call it a start index.
This is start index.
Well, we need to get it from the Earth, but we don't have it yet, actually, we need to go to.
Search statistics, if you remember in the search judge that we had a server side rendering function
that was fetching data from Google API.
But this one has everything, for example, the API key to turn the search time.
But we missed the start point.
So here?
We create a constant here at the top, we create a constant and we call it a start index.
And this is going to be.
This is this is going to get to a start from the euro using contacts.
That quoted that Assad.
But if this one is not exist, it would just say, just said it to be one.
And here at the end of the your hour, we add something else as well.
Just outside this.
We act.
We just say start query.
Is equal to.
That's a stock index.
So if they're inside the euro, we have the start, Corey.
We get the information and we pass it to the stock index, otherwise we just use one.
Now we go we go back to pagination buttons.
And here we do the same.
We just say.
We get the router that.
Curry ducked a start.
But because we want to use this number, we we because this is a strength, we need to convert this
one to a number, so we had no at the beginning.
This is a built in function from JavaScript.
So if it converts string to no, and then they say, if this one is not exist, it just be one.
All right.
Now here in the link, they say if someone click on the link.
If someone click on the next link, just go to the search term, search time with this and also at the
end.
Let's go to a starting point of.
Starts.
A start point and then not one is equal to.
A star and index.
And then whatever I start, Indigo is just at 10 to it.
So we're going to the next 10 quote.
So we cannot see it yet.
But inside the link, we need to add more things like we need to add a paragraph.
We need to add actually this Chevron right icon and also the paragraph.
So inside this link, we.
We had something we just added dear and scientist.
We have the icon.
That Chevron right icon and also we add a paragraph saying next.
We're getting an error here.
Let me check the error.
It says multiple children with passed will link.
With Ashraf.
But only one child is supportive, so let me check what we have done.
I think we went.
Probably we are missing something here, so we start with this.
I checked it was an error we needed just to refresh a page, there was OK.
So there's no and there's no error.
So no.
We should see a next button at a bar at the top here.
Let's decrease the size of this icon by just saying class name height of five.
So now, if you click on the next, you should go to the.
Here we should go to this start 11.
Let's see that we went to start 11 and now we're going to 12, 31.
Four to one, and it said it's going up.
But as I mentioned before, we cannot go more than ninety one because.
Google API is only giving us 100 results, so we should limit this and next button to cool more than.
Ninety one.
So here we can wrap this.
Uh, we can wrap this aircraft.
With turn to the operator and then we just say, if this thought.
If they start index is.
More than.
All is less than 90.
Uh.
Just show the if it's less than 90, just show the next button.
So 91 will be included here.
So when it's ninety one, we don't see this button anymore.
So, no, a start point is hundred one, we don't see the next button.
But if it's 90 or 81, which is the less than 90.
We should see the next button if you click on this more, we go to one, we don't see the next button.
So let's establish a little bit more.
So we have a.
Let's remove this as thought.
And let's bring this one here, and we just zoom a little bit to see it better.
And we start this next by phone.
We just need to hear.
This dear the inside is there, we had a class of cursor point to.
So when we hover over this, we should steer it pointing hand.
Now, let's make this one flex.
So we bring it to this center, but we want them to be on top of each other, so we changed the Flex
two column and for bringing everything to center, we need to use items center.
We cannot see it anymore.
It's here.
All right.
And then.
When we hover over the edge.
We want to see it underline under it, so we just say under lie.
And let's change the color of this next to blue, but I don't want to apply this one to both of the
next and the previous.
So let's do this one in the top bit here.
So this is going to be text blue.
700.
At this.
All right, so let's create the previous button as well.
This is going to be very similar, so we can copy this.
One time using Alt Shift Arrow, Don.
The only difference is this is going to be when we have more than 10.
We should have this previous button instead of less than 90 because when we go to the next button.
No, if you click on next, we should see two Nexis.
So the first one instead of next is previous.
Like this then instead of increasing the estate index one, we want to decrease.
One from it.
So we added subtract instead of plus icon sign.
And then everything is similar.
This Chevron right icon should be Chevron left icon.
And now let's bring them next to each other, so we need to in the top tier.
Here we change the.
Displayed Flex to bring them next to each other.
And then we add some padding.
In the x axis of nine.
So we bring them a little bit on the right side, and we have a penny at the bottom of for.
Then we bring them as we centralize them using me and a space between them using just justify between.
So you can see the next button went the other side.
But, uh.
Well, when we have a kind of have a small size and above, we want to see that justify a start.
So now, if we have a big screen like this there next to each other, but then we have a smaller screen,
there are far from each other.
But we can remove the and when we are bigger than the smaller, we want to have a space between them,
a space x of forty four.
So here we have a space of 44 between them.
And then when there is more we want to you don't have to have to have any padding.
At all.
So Penny X would be zero, so I want them to really connect to the corner when you're in the bigger
screen.
It's still in this small screen is a little bit.
Not nice.
The reason we don't see the Knicks actually is not because of the styling.
I zoomed this one a little bit myself, so without Zoom, actually, they're positioned very nice.
So now we're in just the five between in the mobile screen.
But when the sizes get bigger, they go to the justify a start, but they have a space between each
other for the four.
So now.
We have completed this.
Actually, this one is working when we have in 91.
We shouldn't see the next button, only we see the previous, but and then when we are at the beginning.
We should only see the next, but.
So let's test this one by buying the real data, not the mock data.
This is actually a mock data in search strategies in the mock data.
I changed it.
True to false.
So now.
This left load the page.
And now, as you see the real data which is coming from Hello.
This search something like tailwind CFS.
So the first website is telling CCIs dot com.
All right.
When we click on next, we should see a new page.
So you see that this is a talented sitcom, but this is the docs configuration.
The next page?
Is, uh.
Yeah.
Geeks for geeks.
Dot com.
So no, actually we are getting the correct result from the real data.
The previous button is all as well.
We went back to the homepage, so in the next section, we are going to create this image tab.
Now if you click on the image that we see the image result, actually.
But we want to see the image, actually.
Uh, the uh, the image preview, not only the links.
So we want it to be like the our final version here.
We want to see images, for example, from next year's images.
And we have to pay attention here as far.
So let's add everything to get her first using get at, and we will use comments with a message of.
Page and nation.
Or create
page a nation.
Component.
Component, it push everything to get her.
And let's review what we have done in our code.
We click on Google Virgin Tree to refresh the page.
As you can see, now, we have 13 commits and the last one is create pagination car component.
So inside.
Let's start with day at the bottom.
Inside the search, that is.
We added this tart query at the end of the hour API.
URL.
So we have the ability to ask the Google to give us the new database on the page number, and we say
if there is a page number.
Just get it if there's not just put the stock number of one.
Then inside the search results, GSP added the pagination button's component, and finally, we created
the pagination button's component here.
We got the two icons from here are icons forward slash react solid.
And here as well, we got the start index.
We convert it to number using no method of JavaScript, and we set it to be one if there is no quarry
name to start.
Then we created two buttons with the Link TAC.
The previous one and the next one, and we only see the previous one when we have the index number of
10 or above or just above more than 10.
And if we have a number less than 90, we see the the next button.
And here we added it subtracted 10 from the start index inside the previous button, and we added 10.
To the next spot to.
And when we click on the next button to the start index, but that was it for the pagination.
Then in the next section, we going to start with the images tech, and we're going to use tailwinds
to assist Grid to create this.
If you look at this final version, no, we have actually.
Four items, four columns, actually.
But if you decrease the size of the page, which we see in a point three column.
Three columns, and then we will see two columns, and finally, we see one column.
So are we going to achieve this using?
Yes.
Tell us this is great.
Classes.
So see you in the next section for the tab.
For the types of images.